Ladies and gentlemen, friends of Tennessee, we in Hamilton County and in Chattanooga are
mighty proud of our county and of our city and the very fine governments we have, the
very fine progress that we are making in the city of Chattanooga. We have the honor
today of having with us two of our outstanding public officials in the city of Chattanooga
are very great mayor Rudy O'Juddy who is here with our commissioner of Macon Turf to see
about some important business affecting the people of Chattanooga. Rudy, will you tell
us briefly what took place in Washington and what we were here for?
Senator, we first I want to say that we appreciate the courage that you've shown us and to
take out of your business schedule the time to make the appointments that you have made and
we've been up here primarily interested in the disposition of the volunteer ordinance
plan and the cramette properties that's owned by the federal government there. That's
causing us a lot of concern for an employment standpoint.
That's right and we did get the agreements that they would survey the situation and try
to find some use and perhaps turn some of it over to local authorities for industrial
sites and the event it was possible to do so. Well, good to have you here at Commissioner
George Macon Turf and thank you Senator. It's always good to come to Washington and enjoy
your hospitality. We appreciate the effort that you have made on behalf of the citizens
of Hamilton County and Chattanooga and we feel that something good will come from this
visit here today. Well, I think so too and of course all of us who live in Chattanooga
know of the remarkable developments that are taking place there. They are far seeing programs
inaugurated by these gentlemen but we want the people in the other part of the state who
may be viewing this program to know something about it. So, Mayor O'Joddy, if you tell
us about some of the things that are taking place in Chattanooga now, let's talk about
the highway program first. We have a great highway program in the city of Chattanooga
and our state system. We tell you the truth across the board. We have a hundred million
dollar public works program which is highways, airports, schools, fire protection, sewers
and all the things that go along with it. Railroad relocation and urban renewal and we
made a lot of progress. We have three contracts just about completed. One is completed. The
contract led for two more just this month and we're making good progress in our highway
program. Well, it certainly is evident to see when you go there. Do you want to add anything
to that commission to make? Well, I want to say a word about our urban renewal program.
We're taking a section of Chattanooga composed of more than 400 acres and redeveloping the
entire area and it's going to insert new life into downtown Chattanooga. It's a very progressive
program and we're getting the full cooperation of the entire city in this urban renewal program.
It's going to revitalize downtown Chattanooga. Well, I agree with you. This urban renewal is one of
the best projects of the federal, state and local governments can do together. Well, Mayor O'Joddy,
tell us about the airport program. You've done a whole lot with the airport down there. We have
fine airports, Chattanooga, but it's like every other airport in the country we're having more
air travel and that means more expansion and we do have a two and a half million dollar expansion
program contemplated for our airport. Well, we've tried to get an appropriation for the federal
government to assist and certainly as needed isn't it, Commissioner? It surely is. In Senator,
we're concerned about the TVA self-financing bill which just recently passed the Senate.
Well, we all are because Chattanooga is the center of a lot of the TVA activities and we
happy to report the bill passed the Senate in acceptable form not as good as we would like and
that the House will probably agree to the Senate amendments and it'll go on to the President
and I certainly hope the President is going to sign the bill. Well, Mayor O'Joddy, you want to add
anything about the TVA program or the highway program? Well, we have it that you've gotten us
far along with the TVA self-financing bill that you have and we hope it goes on to the President's
signature and this highway program of course the financing has been concerned us very much. I
think it's just the mud that we go on. I agree with you and I. I'm sorry gentlemen. Thank you very
much, Mayor O'Joddy and Commissioner McIntyre. Until next week, goodbye.